fix: remove `digest` field from image and invocationImage specs. (#79)
deislabs/cnab-spec: 105-signing.md

CNAB is composed of a `bundle.json` and a number of supporting images. Those images are referenced by the `bundle.json`. Thus, digesting those artifacts and including their digest in the `bundle.json` provides a convenient way to store (and locate) digests.

> To that end, in a signed bundle, anything that shows up in the `invocationImages` or `images` section of the `bundle.json` MUST have a digest attached to the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To that end, in a signed bundle, anything that shows up in the `invocationImages` or `images` section of the `bundle.json` MUST have a digested image reference:
```

}
```

> Non-OCI images may still append digests using the `@DIGESET` form above. A runtime must be able to translate such a reference to the appropriate image, and perform the appropriate validation.

Reviewer 2: typo: _@DIGESET_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-OCI images may still append digests using the `@DIGEST` form above. A runtime must be able to translate such a reference to the appropriate image, and perform the appropriate validation.
```
